Add release notes for DK 4.7 (#2705)
chef/chef-dk: RELEASE_NOTES.md

### chef-vault

The chef-vault gem has been updated to 4.0.1. This release includes bug fixes from [@MarkGibbons](https://github.com/MarkGibbons) and [@jeremy-clerc](https://github.com/jeremy-clerc) as well as a new way to update existing keys to sparse-mode by running `knife vault update --keys_mode sparse` thanks to [@jeunito](https://github.com/jeunito).

### kitchen-ec2

kitchen-ec2 has been updated to 3.3.0. This new version improves how we search for security groups by tags, improves the logic that detects usage of the chef Test Kitchen provisioner, and improves security group and spot instance logic. Thanks [@slapvanilla](https://github.com/slapvanilla) and [@bdwyertech](https://github.com/bdwyertech) for these enhancements.

## Performance Improvements

This release of ChefDK ships with several optimizations to our Ruby installation to improve the performance of loading the various commands bundled with ChefDK. These improvements are particularly noticeable on non-SSD hosts and on Windows.

## Smaller Size

We continue to optimize the size of the ChefDK package with this release taking up 9% less space on disk and containing nearly 5,000 fewer files.

## Platform Support

> ChefDK packages are no longer produced for Windows 2008 R2 as this release went end of life on Jan 14th 2020.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ChefDK packages are no longer produced for Windows 2008 R2 as this release reached its end of life on January 14th, 2020.
```
